Default zero value docs (#1064)
awslabs/smithy: docs/source/1.0/spec/core/type-refinement-traits.rst

    :backlinks: none

.. smithy-trait:: smithy.api#default

.. _default-trait:

-----------------
``default`` trait
-----------------

Summary
    Marks a structure member as having a default, zero value.
Trait selector
    ``structure > member :not(> :test(union, structure > :test([trait|required])))``

>     A member of a structure that does not target a union or structure.

Reviewer: The default trait works on structures so long as the structure has all optional members (no required members)

Value type
    Annotation trait.

The default trait can be applied to structure members to indicate that the targeted
shape has a default, zero value.

The following example defines a structure with a `@default` "title" member that
has a default zero value:

.. code-block:: smithy

    structure Message {
        @default
        title: String // defaults to ""
    }

.. _default-values:

Default zero values
===================

The following table describes the default zero value of each kind of shape.
Programming languages and code generators that cannot initialize structure

> members with the following default values SHOULD continue to represent those

Reviewer: ```suggestion
members with the following default values SHOULD represent those
```

members as nullable as this is semantically equivalent to the default zero
value.

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1
    :widths: 10 10 80

    * - Shape Type
      - Zero Value
      - Description
    * - boolean
      - ``false``
      - Boolean false.
    * - numbers
      - ``0``
      - Numeric zero.
    * - string
      - empty string

>       - Strings with the enum trait also have the same default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Strings with the :ref:`enum-trait` also have an empty string zero value.
```
